= minitest-autotest

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest-autotest
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest-autotest

== DESCRIPTION:

autotest is a continous testing facility meant to be used during
development. As soon as you save a file, autotest will run the
corresponding dependent tests.

minitest-autotest is the latest incarnation of the venerable and wise
autotest. This time, it talks to minitest via minitest-server. As a
result, there is no output parsing. There are no regexps to tweak.
There's no cruft or overhead.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Continually and intelligently test only those files you change with autotest.

== SYNOPSIS:

  % autotest
  # ... tests run ...

== AUTOTEST TIPS

Setting up your project with a custom setup is easily done by creating
a ".autotest" file in your project. Here is an example of adding some
plugins, using minitest as your test library, and running rcov on full
passes:

    require 'autotest/restart'

    Autotest.add_hook :initialize do |at|
      at.testlib = "minitest/autorun"
    end

    Autotest.add_hook :all_good do |at|
      system "rake rcov_info"
    end if ENV['RCOV']

Do note, since minitest ships with ruby19, if you want to use the
latest minitest gem you need to ensure that the gem activation occurs!
To do this, add the gem activation and the proper require to a
separate file (like ".minitest.rb" or even a test helper if you have
one) and use that for your testlib instead:

.minitest.rb:

    gem "minitest"
    require "minitest/autorun"

.autotest:

    Autotest.add_hook :initialize do |at|
      at.testlib = ".minitest"
    end

If you prefer to suffix test files with "_test.rb" (instead of the
default which prefixes test files with "test_") you can change the
mapping by installing the autotest-suffix plugin. To do this first
install the autotest-suffix gem:

    $ gem install autotest-suffix

Then add the following to the ".autotest" file:

    require "autotest/suffix"

If you prefer minitest/spec to minitest/unit, you can still use autotest
by installing the autotest-spec plugin.
To do this first install the autotest-spec gem:

    $ gem install autotest-spec

Then add the following to the ".autotest" file:

    require "autotest/spec"

== REQUIREMENTS:

* minitest 5+
* minitest-server

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install minitest-autotest

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
